Add FAQ vignette (#407)
insightsengineering/rbmi: vignettes/FAQ.Rmd

---
title: "rbmi: Frequently Asked Questions"
author: Alessandro Noci, Craig Gower-Page and Marcel Wolbers
output: 
  bookdown::html_document2:
    toc: true
    toc_depth: 4
    number_sections: true
    citation_package: natbib
    base_format: rmarkdown::html_vignette
bibliography: "references.bib"
link-citations: true
pkgdown:
  as_is: true
linkcolor: blue
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{rbmi: Frequently Asked Questions}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
    collapse = TRUE,
    comment = "#>"
)
```

# Introduction

This document provides answers to common questions about the `rbmi` package.

> It is intended to be read after the `rbmi: Introduction` vignette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is intended to be read after the `rbmi: Quickstart` vignette.
```

Not sure the "Introduction" vignette exists, maybe you are referring to the "Quickstart"?

<br>

> ## How do the methods in `rbmi` compare to the mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM) implented in the `mmmrm` pacakge? 

Reviewer: implemented

> ## How do the methods in `rbmi` compare to the mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM) implented in the `mmmrm` pacakge? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do the methods in `rbmi` compare to the mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM) implemented in the `mmrm` package? 
```
